Add documentation for the projectGroups and allowAllTesters for copy to a new folder. (#3272)
saucelabs/sauce-docs: docs/testfairy/api-reference/rest-api.md

		</tr>
        <tr>
			<td><code>groups</code></td>
			<td><p><small>| OPTIONAL | STRING |</small></p><p>A comma-separated list of tester group names or IDs for the build. <br />If not specified, the original assigned groups will be copied over to the build.</p></td>
		</tr>
        <tr>
			<td><code>projectGroups</code></td>
			<td><p><small>| OPTIONAL | STRING |</small></p><p>A comma-separated list of tester group names or IDs for the project. <br />If not specified, the original assigned groups will be copied over to the project.</p></td>
		</tr>
        <tr>
			<td><code>allowAllTesters</code></td>

> 			<td><p><small>| OPTIONAL | BOOLEAN |</small></p><p>Value `1` allows all other user to access the copied build, `0` to not allow.<br />If not specified, the original assigned value will be copied over to the project.</p></td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			<td><p><small>| OPTIONAL | BOOLEAN |</small></p><p>Value `1` allows all other users to access the copied build, while `0` prevents access.<br />If not specified, the original assigned value will be copied over to the project.</p></td>
```

    "app_name": "My Application",
    "assigned_groups": [
      "13",
      "group14",
      "12"
    ],
    "invalid_groups": [
      "abcd",
      "efgd"
    ],
    "assigned_project_groups": [

>       "group13", 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      "group13",
```
